



The lesson on how to draw a 3D house is ready. I am sure that this tutorial will be useful and interesting for you.


In this tutorial, you can learn how to draw a 3D house. This lesson will definitely be useful for each of you, because the skills gained in it you can use in subsequent drawing lessons.
Each of us has our own home. A house is a structure adapted for human habitation. Typically, a house has walls, windows, a roof and rooms inside where people live.
I specially designed this tutorial in such a way that it will not cause difficulties for children and aspiring artists. Therefore, you will definitely cope with this work, even if you do not have drawing experience yet.





Materials
PencilPaperEraserColoring supplies
Time needed: 20 minutesHow to Draw a 3D House Draw part of the roof on the left side. Depict a figure that looks like a parallelogram with the side not fully completed. Depict the side faces of the roof. Add straight lines on both sides of the sketched shape, draw a part of the roof on the right side. Draw the front wall of the house. To do this, depict three straight lines from the lower edges of the roof. Add the second wall and other elements. Draw the second wall, the corner of the roof and the border between the roof and the wall. Depict the door. Draw straight lines so that the door looks like a rectangle, and add a doorknob in a circle. Depict the window. Use straight lines to draw a rectangle and add a line in the middle of it. Sketch out the second window. This window should be located on the other side of the house. Add details. Draw another window, chimney and element on the door. Color the drawing. To color the 3D house, use shades of gray, brown, red and blue. 
Don’t forget to follow us on social media and leave your comment for this tutorial. I have prepared for you a short version of this tutorial in PDF format, which you can download and use even offline.






3D House Drawing Worksheets

 Pinterest Telegram Twitter Reddit Copy Link
