



I am sure that you will really like the lesson on how to draw a 3D box. Start this guide and enjoy the drawing process.


In this drawing lesson, you will learn how to draw a 3D box step by step. I have prepared this lesson especially for children and beginner artists. I am sure you will be able to do this job easily, even if you have no drawing experience.
The drawn 3D box looks three-dimensional and volumetric. To draw a 3D box, you only need to draw 3 sides of the box, because the other sides are out of our line of sight. You need to be able to draw straight lines to make this drawing.
You should have your drawing materials ready to begin this drawing lesson. I hope you will find this lesson useful and enjoyable.





Materials
PencilPaperEraserColoring supplies
Time needed: 20 minutesHow to Draw a 3D Box Draw one edge of the box. You can depict this detail as one straight vertical line. Add two more box edges. Draw two straight lines on the right and left sides of the previously drawn line. Draw the two bottom edges. Connect the previously drawn lines to each other with two straight lines. Add the top edges of the box. Outline straight lines at the top of the box to connect the previously drawn straight lines. Add the last two edges of the 3d box. To complete this step, draw two straight lines at the top of the 3D box. Erase unnecessary lines. Use an eraser to remove auxiliary lines that appeared during the drawing process. Color the drawing. Use three different shades of grey to paint the 3D box. 
Don’t forget to follow us on social media. I have prepared for you a short version of this lesson in the form of a PDF file, which you can download and use at any time convenient for you, even without the Internet. Don’t forget to follow us on social media. I have prepared for you a short version of this lesson in the form of a PDF file, which you can download and use at any time convenient for you, even without the Internet.






3D Box Drawing Worksheets

 Pinterest Telegram Twitter Reddit Copy Link
